let's take this campaign to South
Carolina and Nevada to the white house
because I love America in this time of
war I feel I have to now stand aside for
our party
president McCain and vice president
palin will keep america as it has always
been the hope of the earth thank you and
God bless america mr. chairman and
delegates I accept your nomination for
President of the United States
if I had a business executive come to me
and say they want to spend a few hundred
billion dollars to put a colony on the
moon I'd say you're fired I pay a lot of
taxes I've been very successful and I
when I have our taxes ready for this
year already you know I don't know how
many years i'll release i'll take a look
at what the what our documents are and
i'll release multiple years i don't know
how many years to a number of women's
groups and said can you help us find
folks and they brought us whole binders
full of women because it took the
president 14 days before he called the
attack in Benghazi an act of terror yep
the transfer it he didn't in fact sir so
let me let me even call her neck could
you say that a little louder damn it
working he did call an act of terror
forty-seven percent of americans pay
only contact so i wrested the local
accent doesn't connect I so wish that I
had been able to fulfill your hopes to
lead the country in a different
direction but the nation chose another
leader and so and I join with you to
earnestly pray for him and for this
great nation former Republican
presidential nominee mitt romney says he
will not run for president in 2016 three
weeks after unexpectedly saying he was
considering a third campaign for the
White House the former Massachusetts
governor told members of his staff
during a Friday conference call that he
is out of the race and it's time for
others to carry the torch